DOCS-1967: Review arm tutorial for r2d2 (#2750)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/tutorials/services/accessing-and-moving-robot-arm.md

If you are connecting to a real robotic arm during this tutorial, make sure your computer can communicate with the controller before continuing.

## Configure a machine

1. Navigate to the [machine page on the Viam app](https://app.viam.com/robots).
2. Add a new machine.
3. Click on the machine and then click on **View setup instructions**.
   Then follow the instructions to set up your machine part until your machine is connected successfully.
4. Once your machine is live, select the **CONFIGURE** tab.
5. Click on the **+** symbol next to your machine in the **Builder** panel and select **Component** in the menu that opens:

   - Choose `arm` as the type.
   - Choose your desired model.
     - For example, if you're using an xArm 6, choose the `xArm6` model from the list.
   - Enter `myArm` as the **Name** for this component, then click **Create**.

6. In the newly created `myArm` component panel, configure any attributes as needed.
   Refer to the documentation for the model for information about your arm's model.

> 7. Switch to the **Frame** panel to see the default values for your arm.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Switch to the **Frame** mode and select `myArm` in the left-hand menu to see the default values for your arm.
```
(opt) Something like this is a bit more clear I think

   You do not need to change the default values that populate the new frame card.

   <!-- TODO -->

   {{<imgproc src="/tutorials/motion/access_02_arm_config.png" resize="1000x" declaredimensions=true alt="Sample machine arm configuration with several fields filled out." style="max-width: 600px" >}}

8. Save your machine configuration.

> 9. Go to the **CONNECT** tab and select the programming language you are working in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Go to the **Code sample** page of the **CONNECT** tab and select the programming language you are working in.
```
(opt) Not 100% necessary as they will land here automatically but just in case people get confused I have been being specific like this
